README.md, before:

# UiTHack24

Repository for the yearly CTF challenge by UiT students

### Motivation and vision

> We want to create more interest and enthusiasm for security and related problems for students. For this, a noob-friendly Capture-the-flag competition is perfect! The idea is to expose people to gradually more challenging tasks, starting with very simple ones and moving to more complex ones. None should be too hard and some help will be given for those in need.

# Status

## Challenges

Add emoji!
| Noob                | Web                             | Pwn                         | Misc                               | Rev_Eng                               | Crypto                              | IRL |
| ------------------- | ------------------------------- | --------------------------- | ---------------------------------- | ------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------- | --- |
| noob1 :baby_bottle: | Space Inspector :eyes:          | Codebreaker :fax:           | Location :round_pushpin:           | F#ck :fu:                             | Cosmic Caesar :dizzy:               | Recover the lost keys :detective: |
| noob2 :baby:        | Admin access :guardsman:        | Radiation shield :computer: | Needle in the Haystack 🪡🪡        | Expired License :key:                 | Alienware :closed_lock_with_key:    |     |
| noob3 :cat:         | Space traversal :space_invader: | Xenithian doorway :door:    | Hidden Covenant Info :mag:         | Infiltration :video_game:             | Rapid Encryption :zap:              |     |
| noob4 :crocodile:   | Enigma Wannabe :computer:       | Archive :book:              | Federated Learning 1 :closed_book: | Exfiltration :gift:                   | 3D Cipher :globe_with_meridians:    |     |
| noob5 :dragon:      | Intergalactic bandit :underage: | The great escape :rocket:   | Federated Learning 2 :orange_book: |                                       | A subpar encryption standard :ship: |     |
|                     |                                 |                             | Operation Galactic Dunk :wastebasket: |                                    | Chess cipher :checkered_flag:       |      |      
| | | | Deus-Ex :technologist: | | | 

# Developer guidelines

1. Create a new issue for a task. Use tags to indicate category and difficulty(\*\*points)
2. Add the issue to the project structure [here](https://github.com/users/Loevland/projects/1) and assign it to your self.
3. Pull/fetch from master.
4. Create a new branch for the specific task/issue `git checkout -b issueName` from master. (\*Remeber du pull/fetch)
5. When task created commit it `git add *` `git commit -m "Insert description and alot of emojies like this :rocket: :fire:"`
6. Push branch `git push --set-upstream origin issueName`
7. Add README for task
8. Add writeup for task in the `writeup` directory for the challenge
9. Create a pull request to merge, and another member is required to overlook the code to merge it to master
10. Update issue/task status in project

# Servers & API

### CTFd app

CTFd is the application we are eusing to host the challenges and keep track of contestants/teams and scoreboards
It will be served on `uithack.no` ---DNS---> `uithack.td.org.uit.no`

# Resources

## Previous UiTHacks

[UiTHack23 - Nostalgi](https://github.com/td-org-uit-no/UiTHack23)

[UiTHack22 - Star Wars](https://github.com/td-org-uit-no/UiTHack22)

[UiTHack20 - Halloween](https://github.com/td-org-uit-no/UiTHack20)

[UiTHack19 - ??](https://github.com/td-org-uit-no/UiTHack19)

Commit message:

Wi-ll you hear my cries (#114)
* Wi-ll you hear my cries

* Update IRL/Wi-ll-you-hear-my-cries/challenge.yml

---------

Co-authored-by: Nikolai Lorentzen <nikolail@tromso-stud2-1571.wifi.uit.no>
Co-authored-by: Loevland <34869848+Loevland@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# UiTHack24

Repository for the yearly CTF challenge by UiT students

### Motivation and vision

> We want to create more interest and enthusiasm for security and related problems for students. For this, a noob-friendly Capture-the-flag competition is perfect! The idea is to expose people to gradually more challenging tasks, starting with very simple ones and moving to more complex ones. None should be too hard and some help will be given for those in need.

# Status

## Challenges

Add emoji!
| Noob                | Web                             | Pwn                         | Misc                               | Rev_Eng                               | Crypto                              | IRL |
| ------------------- | ------------------------------- | --------------------------- | ---------------------------------- | ------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------- | --- |
| noob1 :baby_bottle: | Space Inspector :eyes:          | Codebreaker :fax:           | Location :round_pushpin:           | F#ck :fu:                             | Cosmic Caesar :dizzy:               | Recover the lost keys :detective: |
| noob2 :baby:        | Admin access :guardsman:        | Radiation shield :computer: | Needle in the Haystack 🪡🪡        | Expired License :key:                 | Alienware :closed_lock_with_key:    | Wi-ll you hear my cries 😱 |
| noob3 :cat:         | Space traversal :space_invader: | Xenithian doorway :door:    | Hidden Covenant Info :mag:         | Infiltration :video_game:             | Rapid Encryption :zap:              |     |
| noob4 :crocodile:   | Enigma Wannabe :computer:       | Archive :book:              | Federated Learning 1 :closed_book: | Exfiltration :gift:                   | 3D Cipher :globe_with_meridians:    |     |
| noob5 :dragon:      | Intergalactic bandit :underage: | The great escape :rocket:   | Federated Learning 2 :orange_book: |                                       | A subpar encryption standard :ship: |     |
|                     |                                 |                             | Operation Galactic Dunk :wastebasket: |                                    | Chess cipher :checkered_flag:       |      |      
| | | | Deus-Ex :technologist: | | | 

# Developer guidelines

1. Create a new issue for a task. Use tags to indicate category and difficulty(\*\*points)
2. Add the issue to the project structure [here](https://github.com/users/Loevland/projects/1) and assign it to your self.
3. Pull/fetch from master.
4. Create a new branch for the specific task/issue `git checkout -b issueName` from master. (\*Remeber du pull/fetch)
5. When task created commit it `git add *` `git commit -m "Insert description and alot of emojies like this :rocket: :fire:"`
6. Push branch `git push --set-upstream origin issueName`
7. Add README for task
8. Add writeup for task in the `writeup` directory for the challenge
9. Create a pull request to merge, and another member is required to overlook the code to merge it to master
10. Update issue/task status in project

# Servers & API

### CTFd app

CTFd is the application we are eusing to host the challenges and keep track of contestants/teams and scoreboards
It will be served on `uithack.no` ---DNS---> `uithack.td.org.uit.no`

# Resources

## Previous UiTHacks

[UiTHack23 - Nostalgi](https://github.com/td-org-uit-no/UiTHack23)

[UiTHack22 - Star Wars](https://github.com/td-org-uit-no/UiTHack22)

[UiTHack20 - Halloween](https://github.com/td-org-uit-no/UiTHack20)

[UiTHack19 - ??](https://github.com/td-org-uit-no/UiTHack19)
